README.md, before:

## Test report files to JUnit converter

[![Actions Status][github-img]][github-url]
[![Git Issues][issues-img]][issues-url]
[![Closed Issues][closed-issues-img]][closed-issues-url]

[//]: # ([![Codacy Badge][codacy-img]][codacy-url])

### Overview

- Convert test report files to JUnit format.

### Supported report formats

- JUnit/xUnit XML Format  
- NUnit v3+ XML Format  
- xUnit.net v2+ XML Format  
- MSTest TRX Format  

### Conversion process

 - All test reports are first converted to JUnit format using XSLT.
 - Any nested test suites are flattened.
 - TRX files undergo additional processing to enhance JUnit output.

### JUnit

### NUnit

- NUnit v3+ XML is supported.
- Converts **&lt;properties&gt;** elements to JUnit **&lt;properties&gt;**.
- Converts **&lt;output&gt;** elements to JUnit **&lt;system-out&gt;**.

### xUnit.net  

- xUnit.net v2+ XML is supported.
- Converts **&lt;traits&gt;** elements to  to JUnit **&lt;properties&gt;**.
- Converts `test` **&lt;reason&gt;** elements to JUnit **&lt;skipped&gt;**.
- Supports single **&lt;assembly&gt;** per file, if multiple assemblies are present only first will be converted.

### MSTest TRX

- Converts `Output/ErrorInfo/Message` to JUnit **&lt;failure&gt;** message.
- Converts `Output/ErrorInfo/StackTrace` to JUnit **&lt;failure&gt;** stack trace.
- Converts `Output/StdErr` to JUnit **&lt;system-err&gt;**.
- Converts `Output/StdOut` to JUnit **&lt;system-out&gt;**.
- Converts Inconclusive and NotExecuted tests to **&lt;skipped&gt;** with message.
- Test suites are split into multiple **&lt;testsuite&gt;** elements by test classname.
- Tests are ordered by name.
- Test suit times are not 100% accurate - displayed as a sum() of all test times. 

### Usage

```bash
npm i --save-dev junit-converter
```

```js
const convert = require('junit-converter');

let options = {
    testFile: 'mytesfiles/nunit.xml',
    testType: 'nunit'
}

convert(options).then(() => console.log(`JUnit report created`));
```

### CLI usage

```bash
npm i -g junit-converter
```

```bash
junit-converter --testFile mytests/nunit.xml --testType nunit
```

### Options

| Option                    | Type    | Default                          | Description                                                                                     |
|:--------------------------|:--------|:---------------------------------|:------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| `testFile` **(required)** | string  |                                  | Path to test file for conversion                                                                |
| `testType` **(required)** | string  |                                  | [Test report type](https://github.com/agracio/mochawesome-converter#supported-testtype-options) |
| `reportDir`               | string  | ./report                         | Converted report output path                                                                    |
| `reportFilename`          | string  | `testFile.name`-junit.json       | JUnit report name                                                                               |
| `switchClassnameAndName`  | boolean | false                            | Switch test case classname and name                                                             |

- `testFile` - relative or absolute path to input test file.
- `testType` - type of test report, not case-sensitive.
- `reportDir` - will be created if path does not exist.
- `switchClassnameAndName` - Switches classname and name attributes of testcase if your test naming data is generated in reverse order.

#### Supported `testType` options.

| `testType` | File Type         |
|:-----------|:------------------|
| JUnit      | JUnit/xUnit XML   |
| NUnit      | NUnit v3+ XML     |
| xUnit      | xUnit.net v2+ XML |
| TRX        | MSTest TRX        |



[issues-img]: https://img.shields.io/github/issues-raw/agracio/junit-converter.svg?style=flat-square
[issues-url]: https://github.com/agracio/junit-converter/issues
[closed-issues-img]: https://img.shields.io/github/issues-closed-raw/agracio/junit-converter.svg?style=flat-square&color=brightgreen
[closed-issues-url]: https://github.com/agracio/junit-converter/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aclosed

[codacy-img]: https://app.codacy.com/project/badge/Grade/1b8b8f9fdbce4267bf779197141657a2
[codacy-url]: https://app.codacy.com/gh/agracio/junit-converter/dashboard?utm_source=gh&utm_medium=referral&utm_content=&utm_campaign=Badge_grade

[github-img]: https://github.com/agracio/junit-converter/workflows/Test/badge.svg
[github-url]: https://github.com/agracio/edge-js/junit-converter/workflows/main.yml

Commit message:

-m fixing an issue with json-to-xml conversion -m adding .toFile and .toString converter options

README.md, after:

## Test report files to JUnit converter

[![Actions Status][github-img]][github-url]
[![Git Issues][issues-img]][issues-url]
[![Closed Issues][closed-issues-img]][closed-issues-url]

[//]: # ([![Codacy Badge][codacy-img]][codacy-url])

### Overview

- Convert test report files to JUnit format.

### Supported report formats

- JUnit/xUnit XML Format  
- NUnit v3+ XML Format  
- xUnit.net v2+ XML Format  
- MSTest TRX Format  

### Conversion process

 - All test reports are first converted to JUnit format using XSLT.
 - Any nested test suites are flattened.
 - TRX files undergo additional processing to enhance JUnit output.

### JUnit

### NUnit

- NUnit v3+ XML is supported.
- Converts **&lt;properties&gt;** elements to JUnit **&lt;properties&gt;**.
- Converts **&lt;output&gt;** elements to JUnit **&lt;system-out&gt;**.

### xUnit.net  

- xUnit.net v2+ XML is supported.
- Converts **&lt;traits&gt;** elements to  to JUnit **&lt;properties&gt;**.
- Converts `test` **&lt;reason&gt;** elements to JUnit **&lt;skipped&gt;**.
- Supports single **&lt;assembly&gt;** per file, if multiple assemblies are present only first will be converted.

### MSTest TRX

- Converts `Output/ErrorInfo/Message` to JUnit **&lt;failure&gt;** message.
- Converts `Output/ErrorInfo/StackTrace` to JUnit **&lt;failure&gt;** stack trace.
- Converts `Output/StdErr` to JUnit **&lt;system-err&gt;**.
- Converts `Output/StdOut` to JUnit **&lt;system-out&gt;**.
- Converts Inconclusive and NotExecuted tests to **&lt;skipped&gt;** with message.
- Test suites are split into multiple **&lt;testsuite&gt;** elements by test classname.
- Tests are ordered by name.
- Test suit times are not 100% accurate - displayed as a sum() of all test times. 

### Usage

```bash
npm i --save-dev junit-converter
```

```js
const converter = require('junit-converter');

let options = {
    testFile: 'mytesfiles/nunit.xml',
    testType: 'nunit'
}

// Convert test report to JUnit format and save to file
converter.toFile(options).then(() => console.log(`JUnit report created`));

// Convert test report to JUnit format and return as 'pretty' string
converter.toString(options).then((result) =>{/*do something with result*/});
```

### CLI usage

```bash
npm i -g junit-converter
```

```bash
junit-converter --testFile mytests/nunit.xml --testType nunit
```

### Options

| Option                    | Type    | Default                          | Description                                                                                     |
|:--------------------------|:--------|:---------------------------------|:------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| `testFile` **(required)** | string  |                                  | Path to test file for conversion                                                                |
| `testType` **(required)** | string  |                                  | [Test report type](https://github.com/agracio/mochawesome-converter#supported-testtype-options) |
| `reportDir`               | string  | ./report                         | Converted report output path when saving file                                                   |
| `reportFilename`          | string  | `testFile.name`-junit.json       | JUnit report name  when saving file                                                             |
| `switchClassnameAndName`  | boolean | false                            | Switch test case classname and name                                                             |

- `testFile` - relative or absolute path to input test file.
- `testType` - type of test report, not case-sensitive.
- `reportDir` - will be created if path does not exist. Only used when saving to file.
- `reportFilename` - will be created if path does not exist. only used when saving to file.
- `switchClassnameAndName` - Switches classname and name attributes of testcase if your test naming data is generated in reverse order.

#### Supported `testType` options.

| `testType` | File Type         |
|:-----------|:------------------|
| JUnit      | JUnit/xUnit XML   |
| NUnit      | NUnit v3+ XML     |
| xUnit      | xUnit.net v2+ XML |
| TRX        | MSTest TRX        |


[issues-img]: https://img.shields.io/github/issues-raw/agracio/junit-converter.svg?style=flat-square
[issues-url]: https://github.com/agracio/junit-converter/issues
[closed-issues-img]: https://img.shields.io/github/issues-closed-raw/agracio/junit-converter.svg?style=flat-square&color=brightgreen
[closed-issues-url]: https://github.com/agracio/junit-converter/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aclosed

[codacy-img]: https://app.codacy.com/project/badge/Grade/1b8b8f9fdbce4267bf779197141657a2
[codacy-url]: https://app.codacy.com/gh/agracio/junit-converter/dashboard?utm_source=gh&utm_medium=referral&utm_content=&utm_campaign=Badge_grade

[github-img]: https://github.com/agracio/junit-converter/workflows/Test/badge.svg
[github-url]: https://github.com/agracio/edge-js/junit-converter/workflows/main.yml
